
Experience
Principal Software/Firmware Engineer
July 2007  -  Present
Embedded solutions and Linux.
www.surfbytes.com
Software Engineer at IGT
June 2007  -  July 2017 
(10 years 2 months)
*** Live Electronic Table Game Team (ETG) ***
Support and develop embedded Linux component of ETG.
Refactored secure boot process for 3rd party embedded Linux (ARM) based system (bootrom, MBR, initrd,
 kernel,rootfs) to use ECDSA signed packages. 
*** Communal Bank Devices Team ***
Implemented several proprietary communication  protocols for Casino industry (e.g. Slot Accounting System
 (SAS)) 
Develop services in C# on secure embedded Windows 7 platform (Universal Controller - UC) to support slot
 games.
Worked with windows device driver developer to implement SAS layer for application interop.
Rewrote Clerk Validation Terminal (CVT) software written as embedded i960 app to run on embedded
 windows. 
Created UI for CVT running on UC using WPF.
Refactored custom bios and boot loader for 3rd party embedded Linux SoC to improve security and
 performance of boot sequence.
Added USB logging functionality.
*** Dark Horse Game Studio - Bonus Game Development ***
Page 
2
Worked with creative teams to develop back end services for slot bonus games.
Developed bank bonus server game engine and provided rapid prototyping support. 
Created and validated Paytable evaluator for reel slots.
Implemented core flash player functionality on AVP platform (QNX,C++).
*** Electronic Table Games - ETG ***
C++ development for recently acquired 3rd party embedded Linux controller that connects game terminal to
 back end host system (SAS).
*** Player tracking system - Advantage Bonusing Team ***
Supported C++ development for large Windows CE based embedded player tracking system.
Implemented SSL  and OCSP for G2S client.
Solved critical  problems with 3rd party Flash platform that threatened successful deployment. 
Resolved issues with development tool chain which greatly improved the stability of product releases.
Senior Software Engineer at Maxxess Systems
April 2004  -  May 2006 
(2 years 2 months)
*** Access control systems - Embedded Linux ***
Reported directly to Engineering VP, responsible for architectural design and development of next generation
 embedded linux area control system interfacing to legacy hardware.
Developed robust, multi-threaded soft-real-time applications using C++, POSIX threads.  
Embedded SQL (SQLite) and TCL scripting engine in product, allowing easy customization.
Developed various software-hardware interfaces including proprietary serial and TCP/IP protocols.
Software Engineering Consultant
June 2002  -  April 2004 
(1 year 11 months)
Provided software engineering services to various clients in Southern California.
*** Konica Minolta Lab, Huntington Beach, CA - Business copier systems ***
Assisted with development of business copier document management software using Java, XML, SOAP and
 web services.
Wrote specs for new product development and provided technical guidance to junior engineers.
*** Veric Software, Santa Monica, CA (Start-Up) ***
Assisted ex-CTO and ex-VP of Microvault with development of  unique project management solution  for
 Windows (Accompli).
Used MS Visual Studio and C++ with MFC, XML, SQL, SOAP.
*** MQ Solutions, Whittier, CA ***
Product developer for IBM MQ Series business partner applications.
Architected and developed a multi-threaded, component based, message oriented framework for a suite of
 Java applications that work with MQ Series.
Page 
3
Developed encrypted protocol handlers for working with encrypted files across a TCP/IP network Developed
 client/server components to support remote control and monitoring across TCP/IP.
Software Engineer
December 1999  -  June 2002 
(2 years 7 months)
*** Secure document delivery software startup ***
Responsible for full cycle design, development and implementation of premier secure document delivery
 product, NetCourier using JAVA, XML, Xerces, JavaMail, Cryptography extensions, LDAP, S/Mime,
 JavaScript.
Developed core proprietary self decrypting document technology (patent pending) .
Developed robust, multi-threaded high volume mail engine to build and deliver encrypted documents.
Integrated S/Mime encryption and digital signing certificates with LDAP support into product.
Developed remote console and API using TCP/IP sockets to remotely control and monitor server.
Software Engineering Consultant
February 1997  -  December 1999 
(2 years 11 months)
Provided software consulting services to various clients in Southern California
 
 *** Disneyland ParkAnaheim, CA ***
Scientific Systems and Ride Control Systems Group 
Supported software development efforts for new theme park (California Adventure).
Wrote specifications and PLC software for changes to Monorail control system
Supported PLC and AB PanelView software troubleshooting efforts on Malaboomer (Space Shot) ride.
*** Excellon Automation, Torrance, CA ***
Designer and manufacturer of state of the art automated PCB drilling systems.
Wrote specifications, designed and developed control software and Visual Basic ActiveX controls to interface
 Laser Drilling equipment to automated robotic Autoloader.
Supported R&D and test groups in design and trouble-shooting efforts.
*** Yaskawa-Motoman Inc., Cypress, CA ***
Designer and manufacturer of unique modular robotic systems.
Responsible for software support and maintenance of modular robot control software (UNIX)   
Wrote application software using MS Visual C++ and MFC for robot system configuration.
Wrote multi-threaded motion and I/O control software for multiple  robotic manipulators.
Software Section Head
November 1992  -  November 1996 
(4 years 1 month)
Designer and manufacturer of sophisticated robotic automation systems for laboratories.
Page 
4
Worked with small software team developing state of the art robotics and control systems for sophisticated
 clinical laboratory and industrial automation systems.
Developed control system software, drivers and object oriented graphical user interfaces in C++ for robotic
 aliquotting station and instrument loading robotics.  
Developed C++ control software and graphical user interface for robotic palletizing system. Developed line
 scheduling and dynamic path planning/obstacle avoidance algorithms to optimize robot motion paths through
 changing work envelope topologies.
Developed motion and I/O control software on various types of motion controllers, robot controllers and
 PLCs.
Control System Simulation and Analysis Engineer
November 1989  -  November 1992 
(3 years 1 month)
***Designer and manufacturer of the NASA Space Shuttle Remote Manipulator System (SRMS) robot arm
 ***
Responsible lead for design, test and implementation of major control system change to SRMS arm control
 software that significantly improved arm performance for heavy payload handling.  
Changes incorporated into shuttle software for flight use in 1994.
Developed payload attitude control algorithms and implemented them in real time and non-real time
 simulators.
Organized and conducted astronaut training and control system evaluation in real-time simulator (SIMFAC)
 and performed support engineering simulations and analysis for the SRMS program. 
Spearheaded development of Windows/C application for simulator configuration used at SPAR/NASA.
Presented monthly interim progress technical reports to NASA management. 
Traveled to the Johnson Space Center (JSC) as required to discuss and present technical issues.
Received commendable performance review rating in 1992 (highest rating in-group of 12).
Research and Development Engineer - Robotics
September 1985  -  October 1989 
(4 years 2 months)
Designer and manufacturer of automated case handling equipment and robots.
Responsible for the design and development of a PC based multiple axis robot motion controller. 
Designed, built and programmed embedded motor controller boards for use with Apple II+ and IBM PC
 based host controller.
Wrote control software in C, 8088 assembly, 6502, 6802 assembly language and burned EPROM's for use
 with 6802 controller boards. 
Wrote a ladder logic compiler and simulator to perform functions of a programmable logic controller (PLC)
 to control and monitor external input and output devices.

Experience
Member
2015  -  Present
Member
2013  -  Present
http://www.sigmm.org
Editor-in-Chief
2012  -  Present
http://www.springer.com/13735
Chair
2011  -  Present
http://www.mirsociety.org
Director of Multimedia Retrieval and Deep Learning at Leiden University
September 2005  -  Present
Chair Professor of Computer Science at Tsinghua University
2003  -  Present
Research and teaching in content based analysis of multimedia
Professor (mid-level, tenured, "Universitair hoofddocent") at Leiden University
January 2001  -  Present
Page 
2
Chair
2009  -  2015 
(7 years)
The ACM International Conference on Multimedia Retrieval is the leading conference on multimedia search
 and retrieval worldwide.  It is the main forum for researchers and practitioners to share their ideas, insights,
 and discoveries and set future directions for the community.
General co-chair
January 2010  -  December 2010 
(1 year)
IEEE PCM 2010 is the major annual international conference organized as a forum for the dissemination of
 state-of-the-art technological advances and research results in the fields of theoretical, experimental, and
 applied multimedia analysis and processing.
General Chair
January 2008  -  December 2008 
(1 year)
ACM International Conference on Multimedia Information Retrieval
Chair at IEEE HCI2007
January 2007  -  December 2007 
(1 year)
IEEE International Workshop on Human Computer Interaction
Member
January 2003  -  December 2006 
(4 years)
General Chair at CIVR2003
January 2003  -  December 2003 
(1 year)
International Conference on Image and Video Retrieval
Program Chair
January 2002  -  December 2002 
(1 year)
First International Conference on Image and Video Retrieval, London
Researcher
September 1989  -  December 1994 
(5 years 4 months)
The Beckman Institute for Advanced Science and Technology at the University of Illinois at Urbana-
Champaign is an interdisciplinary research institute devoted to leading-edge research in the physical sciences,
 computation, engineering, biology, behavior, cognition, and neuroscience.

Experience
Staff Software Engineer at Google
May 2014  -  Present
TLM
August 2013  -  Present
Tech lead manager for social storage
Senior Software Engineer at Google
September 2006  -  Present

Experience
Deputy Executive Director
January 1991  -  Present

Experience
Learning and Adoption Manager at California Correctional Health Care Services
February 2015  -  Present
Manager - Organizational Change and Business Development at Informatix, Inc.
Page 
2
November 2013  -  Present
Currently working on developing the change management practice at Informatix, and consulting with the
 California Public Employees Retirement System (CalPERS) Information Technology Service Branch
 (ITSB), developing and delivering change management programs.
Organizational Development Consultant
November 2013  -  November 2014 
(1 year 1 month)
Organization Change Management Consultant
June 2011  -  June 2013 
(2 years 1 month)
Consulting with the State of California Department of Corrections Health Care IT organization, developing
 and delivering change management programs.
Mindset and Behaviors Expert (OD and Change Management) at Pioneer Hi-Bred International Inc
September 2010  -  March 2011 
(7 months)
Organization Development & Change Management Consultant at CIBER, Inc.
July 2008  -  September 2009 
(1 year 3 months)
Associate Peace Corps Director - Administrative Officer at United States Peace Corps
May 2006  -  June 2008 
(2 years 2 months)
Organization Development & Change Management Consultant at Peace Corps
January 2004  -  March 2006 
(2 years 3 months)
Organization Development & Change Management Consultant at Oracle
April 1997  -  November 2002 
(5 years 8 months)

Experience
Software Developer at Helpshift
March 2011  -  Present
Polyglot Programmer
Software Engineer II at Cisco Systems
May 2010  -  February 2011 
(10 months)
Software Engineer II
Software Engineer at Motorola Mobile Devices
March 2010  -  May 2010 
(3 months)
Software Engineer
Page 
2
Software Engineer at Azingo softsystems India Pvt Ltd
July 2008  -  May 2010 
(1 year 11 months)
Software Engineer

Experience
Engineering Manager at Facebook
February 2012  -  Present
Building analytics infrastructure for Facebook's data warehouse. I work on problems related to scale, storage
 and compute efficiency for the analytics infrastructure at Facebook.
https://developers.facebooklive.com/videos/560/lifting-the-curtain-the-data-infrastructure-behind-facebook-
apps
http://gigaom.com/2013/06/06/facebook-unveils-presto-engine-for-querying-250-pb-data-warehouse/
Principal Development Lead at Microsoft Corporation
February 2010  -  March 2012 
(2 years 2 months)
SQL Server Engine - Workload optimization and Database Management, Scale out solutions
Senior Development Lead at Microsoft Corporation
January 2008  -  February 2010 
(2 years 2 months)
Bing Search relevance team
Senior Software Engineer at Microsoft Corporation
June 2002  -  December 2007 
(5 years 7 months)
Worked in the WinFS team on promotion of file properties into structured items. Also was a senior developer
 in the SQL server database engine on the query plan cache.
Member of Technical Staff at Oracle
May 2001  -  May 2002 
(1 year 1 month)
Server manageability team. Built workload based advice views for the memory manager.
Senior Software Engineer at Propel Software Corporation
February 2001  -  May 2001 
(4 months)
Integration of a main memory database into the server of a B2C platform.

Experience
Software Engineer at Google
May 2011  -  Present
Staff Software Engineer at Ubicom
August 2004  -  May 2011 
(6 years 10 months)
Linux device drivers
ipOS
U-Boot
uClinux
uClibc
UPnP/DLNA
Cadence OrCAD
Mentor PADS
iPod/iPhone MFi
Staff Software Engineer
August 1999  -  March 2004 
(4 years 8 months)
VOIP
VDSL
vxWorks BSP, device drivers
Linux BSP, device drivers
Software Engineer at 3Com
July 1995  -  October 1999 
(4 years 4 months)
Page 
2
Windows Drivers (NDIS, SCSI, WDM)
Novell Netware Drivers
FDDI, ATM, Fibre Channel, HPNA
Software Contractor
December 1994  -  December 1997 
(3 years 1 month)
Engineering Design Contractor at Interval Research
June 1994  -  December 1994 
(7 months)

Experience
Software Engineer at Facebook
November 2014  -  Present
Engineer Staff II - Software Development Engineer at Broadcom
July 2012  -  November 2014 
(2 years 5 months)
Customer Support
Linux Kernel Driver Integration
Secure OS Integration
Google Android Qualification test (GTS and CTS tests)
USB driver Qualification and Microsoft WHQL
Power SI/ System SI Simulation
Memory Qualification/Validation
Web Development Intern at CBS Television Distribution
September 2011  -  December 2011 
(4 months)
Ł This project is to rebuild the video streams management system to provide faster access and better user
 interaction.
Ł Rewrote the frontend using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery to improve the system interface and response
 speed.
Ł Implemented the backend by PHP and optimized the data structure using MySQL to increase data fetching
 speed.
Web Development Intern at Sony Pictures Entertainment
June 2011  -  August 2011 
(3 months)
Ł Developed the web application Metadata Exporter for Crackle Admin Tool, which includes data fetching
 from database, data analysis, data conversion and sending email with attachments.
Page 
2
Ł Developed on Visual Studio and MS SQL Server platforms using ASP.NET, C#, jQuery, JavaScript,
 HTML, CSS.
Network Services Student Worker
September 2010  -  May 2011 
(9 months)
Install OS and application software, configure BIOS, Ghost image, set up network connections (Novell),
 computer maintenance, debug errors for users.

Experience
Founder & CEO at HATech LLC
June 2015  -  Present
We are HATech Œ a Product Engineering and Site Reliability Engineering team focusing on DevOps
 Consulting, Services and Enablement.
Transform your business with Operations, Product Management and Development working together as
 one integrated agile team and start delivering value beyond expectations. We provide you the expertise to
 energize and empower your teams to deliver on product requirements, effectively, on time and with the
 uptime and availability your brand deserves.
Page 
2
From our Product Management,  Agile Consultants and Cloud Engineering team in the US through to our QA
 and Software Development teams in Asia we work around the clock to deliver your product reliably every
 time.
Director of Systems Engineering at IGT
August 2014  -  July 2015 
(1 year)
ŁPassionate technical leader working with a like minded Product Management team to be market leaders in
 many areas within the industry
ŁDriving agile adoption and improvement initiatives across engineering
ŁResponsible for leading a team of highly skilled engineers in delivering ground breaking next generation
 systems
ŁDelivered an industry first on Openstack across multiple continents, on time and under budget
ŁCreated, trained and unleashed a motivated and passionate cross Business Unit DevOps capability
ŁCollaborative product realization driving new revenue opportunities
ŁResponsible for leading an engineering team, bringing to market the first PaaS for the Casino and Gaming
 industry
Distinguished Architect at IGT
January 2012  -  July 2014 
(2 years 7 months)
ŁResponsible for the systems architecture of the next generation of Casino Management solutions. 
ŁWorking with cutting edge technologies to drive systems architecture through innovation
ŁIntegral part of the cloud leadership team responsible for forming and directing the cloud vision, operational
 strategies and processes as well as structuring engineering requirements.
ŁSubject Matter Expert for Openstack, Applogic, IaaS, PaaS and Saas offerings.
ŁWorking intensively with Regulators to approve IGT's Cloud vision across multiple jurisdictions.
ŁResponsible for the successful delivery of the first IGT Cloud application
Lead Applogic Architect - EMEA at CA Technologies
May 2011  -  December 2011 
(8 months)
ŁResponsible for strategic consulting including Operational process automation and Cloud integration
ŁSenior Technical advisor
ŁTechnical mentor for Applogic Presales and Sales teams
ŁResponsible for the design, scoping and delivery of Technical Workshops and Proof of Concepts globally
ŁExecutive Advisor for the CA cloud strategy and product portfolio
ŁDeep dive technical consultant for CA 3tera Applogic
ŁArchitect responsible for delivering POC that won the largest Applogic deal to date
ŁArchitect responsible for delivering POC that won the largest EMEA Applogic deal to date
Principal Technical Consultant, 3Tera Applogic, EMEA Region at CA Technologies
October 2010  -  June 2011 
(9 months)
ŁStrategic Consulting, including business plan & go to market strategy development
Page 
3
ŁPrimary technical lead on all EMEA technical engagements
ŁProvide expert product and sector knowledge
ŁResponsible for the design, scoping and delivery of Technical Workshops and Proof of Concepts
ŁResponsible for evangelising CA's Cloud strategy throughout EMEA
Technical Specialist & Technical Account Manager at Novell
January 2009  -  October 2010 
(1 year 10 months)
ŁSupport the sales process through Pre-Sales activities including presentations to CxO Level
ŁTechnical Specialist for SUSE Linux Enterprise (SLES/SLED)
ŁTechnical Specialist for Platespin Data Centre Automation and Virtualisation product sets
ŁTechnical Account Manager for Novell™s Partners providing training and support services
ŁResponsible for autonomous customer engagements separate from the initial sales engagement enabling me
 to become a trusted technical advisor giving me greater penetration into accounts
ŁResponsible for running Proof of Concept and migration workshops
ŁResponsible for Project Managing large deployments working with customers on their technology refresh
 and roll out
Solutions Architect at 2e2
July 2008  -  January 2009 
(7 months)
ŁProvided Technical Solutions through in-depth Technical consultancy on customers solutions from
 Networking and security through to Database optimisation and DR scenarios
ŁResponsible for proactively revisiting all Netstore existing customer solutions and creating business plan and
 commercial justifications to migrate solutions to a virtualised solution
ŁCreativity enabled me to rescue and restore confidence in a number of high profile accounts
ŁResponsible for running virtual teams to address technical issues with accounts
ŁResponsible for identifying revenue streams and driving the necessary product development
ŁResponsible for ensuring solutions met and adhered to the relevant regulatory requirements
ŁWorked very closely with Executive Team to identify weaknesses in products and service offerings and
 responsible for formulating plan of action and rolling this out through the business
Senior Solutions Engineer at Rackspace Managed Hosting
December 2007  -  July 2008 
(8 months)
ŁSenior member of the team responsible for working on large, complex multi-site solutions requiring creative
 thinking and managing internal virtual teams
ŁProvided Technical consultancy on all aspects of customers solutions from Networking and security through
 to Database optimisation and DR scenarios
ŁResponsible for all technical design stages of solution from qualification to implementation
ŁResponsible for mentoring Enterprise Sales Representatives and Junior members of the Solutions
 Engineering Team
Page 
4
ŁAttention to detail enabled me to learn new products thoroughly and efficiently, providing creative solutions
 for potential clients that would otherwise be lost to competitors
ŁResponsible for managing the entire Pre-sales process including customer presentations and customer
 technical workshops through to implementation and scalability testing
ŁResponsible for ensuring design standards were incorporated in solutions such as PCI DSS
eBusiness Pre-Sales Consultant
March 2001  -  December 2002 
(1 year 10 months)
ŁDedicated Unix, Database and Storage Pre-Sales Consultant 
ŁResponsible for initial technical appraisal, Design work and contract/SLA negotiations.
ŁMost requested Consultant for customer meetings  and technical presentations
ŁRegularly received Holidays, Shares and rewards for outstanding performance and commitment
ŁParticipated only in opportunities with TCV of £750k+
ŁResponsible for managing Partner Relations with SUN, Dell and Cisco
ŁDesigned and Implemented e-Business Consultancy processes
ŁExtensive experience of RFI/RFP responses, presentations to clients, client management, identifying
 business opportunities as well as an excellent technical understanding
Cisco Technical Trainer
July 1999  -  March 2001 
(1 year 9 months)
2nd Line Network Support Engineer at COLT Telecom
November 1998  -  July 1999 
(9 months)


Experience
Vice President at Airbnb
May 2016  -  Present
Building Airbnb China.
Engineering Director at Facebook
December 2009  -  April 2016 
(6 years 5 months)
Built Facebook News Feed Ads from scratch. It accounts for 80+% of Facebook revenue.
Software Engineer at Google Inc
June 2005  -  December 2009 
(4 years 7 months)
[January 2008 - December 2009] Worked on Google Adsense, focusing on targeting quality optimization.
[June 2005 - December 2007] Woked on Google Checkout, focusing on transaction/refund/chargeback
 processing.
Received 4 peer bonuses (nominated by co-workers) for good work and collaboration.

Experience
Director of Engineering at Facebook
May 2016  -  Present
Sr. Director, Engineering at Cloudera
February 2011  -  April 2016 
(5 years 3 months)
I was responsible for all core engineering at Cloudera, where I led a group of 100+ brilliant engineers
 building the industry™s leading big data platform.
Sr. Engineering Manager/Principal Development Manager at Yahoo! and Microsoft
September 2007  -  February 2011 
(3 years 6 months)
I led the Yahoo!'s search ad A/B testing infrastructure, allowing for rapid experimentation for 30% of
 all Yahoo! search traffic.  Working with a group of amazing scientists, I was responsible for the search
 optimization frameworks in the ad-serving stack. 
Prior to that, I was part of a small group of early engineering leaders responsible for building out Yahoo™s ad
 tech team at Bangalore, India. Together, we helped build the team from scratch to manage Yahoo!™s search
 advertising platform (Panama), responsible for billions of dollars in search ads revenue. I was personally
 responsible for all of Yahoo's external search advertising API.
I eventually moved to Microsoft Bing as part of the Yahoo!-Microsoft Search deal, where I helped transition
 Yahoo™s search ads engineering teams and products to Bing.
Consultant
October 2005  -  September 2007 
(2 years)
I spent time in India helping startups build products targeted towards broader social impact. This included
 a project with the Government of Mumbai to build an early warning system to monitor rainfall and alert
 citizens for flood disaster relief.
Senior Software Engineer at Fujitsu Network Communications
September 1998  -  October 2005 
(7 years 2 months)
Senior Software Engineer at Fujitsu, and member of a team responsible for Fujitsu's Network Management
 System.
Page 
2
Software Engineer (Intern) at AT&T Campuswide Solutions, Phoenix, AZ
December 1996  -  December 1997 
(1 year 1 month)
As a research intern, I learned about and contributed to smart card technologies for university campuses
 worldwide.
Software Engineer at Philips, Singapore
May 1995  -  August 1996 
(1 year 4 months)
Engineer in the Philips TV division where I helped build embedded software for high end television sets.

Experience
Staff Software Engineer at Google
2009  -  Present
Member of Technical Staff at Bell Labs, Alcatel-Lucent
1997  -  2009 
(13 years)

Experience
Partner at Sadler, Gibb & Associates, LLC
September 2013  -  Present
Partner in charge of the tax department and serving the needs of a broad array of clients across many
 industries.
Owner/Partner
October 2006  -  September 2013 
(7 years)
Managing partner at Price Elwood with oversight responsibility for all aspects of the firm™s operations.  My
 29 year career in accounting, tax, finance and management have provided a af knowledge and experience
 base that now benefit a broad range of the firm™s clients across many industries.
Certified Public Accountant
June 2001  -  September 2006 
(5 years 4 months)
Partner/Owner
2000  -  2002 
(3 years)
Chief Financial Officer
1990  -  2000 
(11 years)
CPA/Manager
November 1986  -  April 1990 
(3 years 6 months)
CPA/Accounting Senior
January 1983  -  June 1986 
(3 years 6 months)

Experience
Principal Engineer at Google
June 2005  -  Present
Connectivity (2013 onwards) - 
https://blog.google/topics/internet-access/partnering-toward-next-generation-mobile-networks/
https://youtube-eng.googleblog.com/2016/04/announcing-mobile-data-plan-api.html
https://policybythenumbers.googleblog.com/2015/09/information-sharing-for-more-efficient.html
http://onosproject.org/2016/07/26/on-lab-and-the-linux-foundation-form-cord-project-to-define-the-future-of-
access/
https://blog.google/topics/internet-access/bringing-the-internet-to-more-indians/
http://www.gadgetsnow.com/sundar-pichai-at-iit-kharagpur-toi-travels-with-google-ceo-sundar-pichai-to-iit-
kharagpur/liveblog/56347635.cms#clschng56351587
Page 
2
Software Defined Networking/Network Virtualization (2011 onwards) - 
https://www.theregister.co.uk/2017/04/04/google_serves_espresso_linkups_for_cloud/
https://blog.google/topics/google-cloud/making-google-cloud-faster-more-available-and-cost-effective-
extending-sdn-public-internet-espresso/
https://blog.google/topics/internet-access/partnering-toward-next-generation-mobile-networks/
Content Delivery (2005 - 2014) - 
https://peering.google.com/#/infrastructure
http://www.emmys.com/news/press-releases/winners-announced-65th-primetime-emmy-engineering-awards

Experience
Senior IT Engineer at QUALCOMM Inc
March 2016  -  Present
IT Engineer
June 2014  -  March 2016 
(1 year 10 months)
Senior IT System Specialist at Motorola Mobility / Google
July 2011  -  June 2014 
(3 years)
Construction of new data center and migration from old data center to new data center in a new building still
 under construction.
New data center cooling and power/generator tests and verification.
Environmental and structural support of both data centers.
Decommissioning of an old data center.
New Linux standard image creation participation and testing. 
Cisco UCS blade server configuration and implementation for the engineering community.
Technical support analyst
January 2010  -  July 2011 
(1 year 7 months)
Technical support analyst at CSC at Motorola
2006  -  2010 
(5 years)
Engineering Support Technician at VMware
August 2005  -  January 2006 
(6 months)
Provided technical support for users working in VM Ware ESX 2.5, VM Ware GSX 3.2, Linux Red Hat, Suse
 Linux 9, and Windows XP environments.
Page 
2
Building, configuring and setting up VM Ware ESX and Linux Red Hat servers and Workstations.
Created and reconfigured DNS entries and handled VLAN changes.
Configured SCSI and SATA RAID systems upon request.
Handled computer moves, ads, and modifications on weekly basis.
Regularly interfaced with users, and technicians.
Installed and supported a large variety of software including Microsoft Office XP, Visio, Microsoft Outlook,
 Internet Explorer, and Putty.
Daily ticket processing.

Experience
Architect at Cadence Design Systems
August 2012  -  Present
R&D Engineer at Synopsys
April 2012  -  August 2012 
(5 months)
Supported QCPŽ during ramp down.
Sr. Member of Consulting Staff at Magma Design Automation, Inc.
June 2006  -  March 2012 
(5 years 10 months)
Principal software architect of MAGMA™s next-generation parasitic extraction tool QCPŽ.  Defined and
 implemented the majority of the underlying data structures, geometric processing algorithms, parallelization
 strategies, and parasitic modeling code. Responsible for the continued performance improvements with
 respect to runtime, scalability and memory efficiency, as well as the implementation of and improvements to
 the modeling code and the addition of new features as requested by our customers.
Technologies: C++, STL, GDB,  GPROF, SunStudio, Purify, Coverity, ClearCase, Linux
Staff Engineer at Sun Microsystems, Inc.
July 2000  -  June 2006 
(6 years)
- Lead a team of 3 to 5 developers in the development, implementation, and qualification of a patternbased
 3D full chip parasitic interconnect extraction engine similar to Cadence/Simplex Fire & Ice. Defined the
Page 
2
 overall server/client architecture for parallel execution, and specified the external interfaces and XML
 broadcast protocols. A paper describing the architecture was submitted to DAC 2006. Was responsible for
 the project planning and milestones. In particular designed and implemented the capacitance extraction
 module including a novel extensible pattern matching framework. Correlated the capacitance module
 against QuickCap and Simplex. Helped in the development of a Raphaelbased flow used for the automatic
 generation of the capacitance lookup tables used in the patternbased extractor.
- Implemented a C++ based GDSII scanner featuring a generic query language. This tool is used in many
 extraction and physical design verification flows at Sun.
- Maintained, supported, and further developed a Simplex based RC extraction flow. In particular
 implemented a mixed extraction option, which for the first time allows parts of the design to be extracted
 down to the transistor level while others remain grayboxed. Contributed fundamental building blocks to
 the flow rewrite and helped in leading the team towards the development of a much more extensible and
 maintainable code base.
- Defined, implemented, documented, and maintained an incremental timing tool. This Perl based tool
 utilized wire models for incremental capacitance and resistance extraction and timing reruns. The tool was
 used for CTOs during tape out mode.
- Implemented a poly resistance ERC rule check flow based on the Simplex Fire resistance extraction tool. A
 patent application was filed in 2001.
3D TCAD Development Engineer at Silvaco Data Systems
October 1997  -  July 2000 
(2 years 10 months)
- Implementation of physicsbased models for backend processing, including etching, deposition, and
 oxidation into Silvaco's 3D process simulator.
- Code maintenance of parasitic interconnect extraction tool based on a 3D finite element field solver.
- Development, implementation, and maintenance of the regression tests used in both the process and
 interconnect simulators.

Experience
President
September 2006  -  Present
Silvermansells Real Estate Company has been selling Real Estate all over the South Shore and Greater
 Boston for many years now. We are measured and committed to one client at a time, with attention to
 personal detail.  We are knowledgeable in all facets of the Real Estate Industry.  Please take a moment and
 preview our recommendations.
President
1976  -  Present
Trained in the manufacturing and installation of Aluminum doors and Entrances as well as all other flat glass
 related products. 
Please see web-site for additional references and details. 
FixMyBrokenGlass.Com

Experience
Illustrator
September 2016  -  Present
Create weekly illustrations for the Boston public radio show Open Source with Christopher Lydon.
 Illustrations range from on-site drawings to conceptual, editorial illustrations and can be viewed at http://
www.coyneworks.com/illustration/#/editorial/ and http://www.coyneworks.com/illustration/#/live-drawing/.
 Also contribute cultural reviews to the weekly newsletter and help manage the social media accounts.
Writer/Illustrator
2013  -  Present
Work with a variety of individual and corporate clients on projects including book illustration, editorial
 writing and illustration, portraits/personal commissions, and graphic design work. For more information,
 visit www.Coyneworks.com.
Content Writer at Gradesavers
2013  -  2014 
(2 years)
Researched and wrote full-length study guides on graphic novels, nonfiction work, and poetry collections.
Research Assistant at The Forsyth Institute
June 2011  -  August 2013 
(2 years 3 months)
Assistant to Dr. Toshihisa Kawai, DDS, PhD, at the Forsyth Institute, a dental research clinic and laboratory
 affiliated with Harvard School of Dental Medicine.
Responsibilities: editing scientific manuscripts and liaising with scientific journals to streamline publication;
 assisting visiting Japanese researchers with immigration/transition into Cambridge and the laboratory;
 managing the day-to-day operation of the laboratory; translating documents/correspondence from JP->EN;
 assisting Japanese researchers with their English language education.
Resident Director
May 2010  -  August 2010 
(4 months)
-Served as the in-country Resident Director of a Japanese language program in Kyoto, Japan.  
-Worked with American college and graduate students who were the recipients of full scholarships from the
 State Department to study Japanese in an intensive two-month program.  
Page 
2
-Arranged weekly cultural excursions to areas of interest in and around Kyoto, as well as a week-long
 countrywide tour including Hiroshima, Yokohama, and Tokyo.  
-Assisted students with various aspects of cultural adjustment and language learning while working closely
 with local staff at Doshisha University.
Language Teacher
August 2007  -  August 2009 
(2 years 1 month)
-Instructed approximately 2,000 junior high school and 500 kindergarten students in English language and
 conversation.  
-Organized and implemented original and effective lesson plans, often incorporating current international
 news events to increase students™ global awareness. 
-Coordinated promotional events for the city of Kurobe.
*Honors: 2009 Toyama Honorary Friendly Envoy Award.  Awarded by the Toyama Prefectural Government
 in July, 2009, for promotion of tourism in Toyama through international festivals.
Public Relations Assistant at Portland Museum of Art
May 2006  -  August 2006 
(4 months)
-Compiled press releases about new exhibits
-Distributed information to museum members and potential donors
-Promoted exhibits to the press
Assistant to the Professor of Religion
January 2006  -  April 2006 
(4 months)
Preparing coursework weekly; writing up exams; coordinating visits to local sites

Experience
Medical Director at Aetna
Associate Professor, Hospital Medicine at The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center
January 2014  -  March 2016 
(2 years 3 months)
Staff Physician, Internal Medicine at Kaiser Permanente
February 2009  -  December 2013 
(4 years 11 months)

Experience
Engineering Manager at Airbnb
June 2017  -  Present
Staff Engineer at Airbnb
December 2016  -  June 2017 
(7 months)
Senior Software Engineer at Airbnb
April 2015  -  November 2016 
(1 year 8 months)
All about Payments, Tech Lead.
Page 
2
Software Engineer at Square
April 2013  -  April 2015 
(2 years 1 month)
- Square Store Payments (15 months, Ruby)
- Square Market Search Infrastructure (9 months, Java)
PHD in Computer Science at Rice University
October 2010  -  April 2014 
(3 years 7 months)
Ł Obtained and cleaned genomic data from various data sources, designed algorithm to extract and understand
 their interplay relationship on protein network evolution
Ł Lead developer of a software tool for network evolutionary analysis of molecular interaction networks in
 Python/C++
Ł Lead developer of a simulation tool for genome and molecular interaction network evolution with
 population genetics

Experience
Partner
November 2012  -  Present
President
May 2011  -  Present
Partner
February 2003  -  May 2011 
(8 years 4 months)

Experience
Eng Lead in Video Advertising
2015  -  Present
Working on improving the infrastructure and quality of video advertising on YouTube!
Software Engineer on Android at Google
2013  -  2015 
(3 years)
Making the Google Search App on Android a better experience, and eventually making our whole phone
 much smarter by leveraging Google intelligence. 
AdMob Quality at Google
January 2011  -  2013 
(3 years)
Focused on improving the relevance of ads in mobile apps by building the next generation user models, ads
 auction, pricing and budgeting system. Major launches included:
 
- Launch of second price auction on AdMob: http://googlemobileads.blogspot.com/2012/02/admob-auction-
enhancements.html
- Smoothening budget constrained advertiser spend through the day leading to better auction competition and
 gains in advertiser welfare. 
- Selecting higher quality ads for budget constrained advertisers giving major improvements in advertiser
 ROI and user experience. 
- Improved click prediction models trained via large scale machine learning infrastructure leading to
 significant revenue gains.
Search Quality
August 2005  -  August 2008 
(3 years 1 month)
- Significantly improved search quality of Google Video and YouTube by analyzing user click data,
 experimenting with new ranking functions, preventing click spam, and balancing fresh video content against
 established high quality videos.
Page 
2
- Launched search feature improvements on YouTube by adding query suggestions, query reduction to make
 long queries more effective and geo search giving users ability to find videos by location.
- Worked on next generation system for monitoring Google services running on large clusters of machines by
 creating engineering consoles and automating the storage of long-term monitoring data.

Experience
Software Engineer
February 2015  -  Present
Software Engineer at MediaTek
August 2011  -  December 2012 
(1 year 5 months)
Developed LTE (4G) protocol stack
Software Engineer Intern at MediaTek
July 2010  -  September 2010 
(3 months)
Developed a mobile network packet encoding/decoding tool.
Software Engineer Intern at Institute for Information Industry
July 2009  -  September 2009 
(3 months)
Developed an online education system including front end and back end.

Experience
Data Scientist at Google
January 2015  -  Present
Data Scientist at Microsoft
January 2014  -  January 2015 
(1 year 1 month)
Research Assistant at University of Southern California, San Francisco Department of Aging and Adult
Services
January 2013  -  December 2013 
(1 year)
# Develop a logic model to evaluate the impact of Internet on users™ lives and the effectiveness of broadband
 adoption programs in senior community centers. 
# Design a 50-item survey and structured interview protocol, conduct focus groups to collect 500+ users™
 perceptions on the program quality, short-term and long-term impacts on their lives.
# Perform both quantitative and qualitative analysis tools to identify facilitators, barriers and provide
 recommendations.
Research Assistant, USC Health System Engineering Lab at University of Southern California
April 2012  -  December 2013 
(1 year 9 months)
# Develop an analytical model to evaluate Electronic Health Record (EHR) system performance,
 implementation process, users™ adoption, its work impact and the multi-layer path diagram indicating the
 complex relationships.
# Design a 70-item survey instrument and conduct it by online distribution and phone interviews, reaching
 out to 1000+ physicians, with approximately 20% respond rate.
Page 
2
# Transform data into actionable information using data mining and identify key success factors in system
 design and organizational strategy during implementation. 
# Perform statistical analysis to test the model empirically in order to be used as a diagnostic and predicative
 tool in health IT industry.
Intern, Business Analyst and Quality Engineer at Spirent Communications
June 2013  -  August 2013 
(3 months)
# Design SQL and report modules in Cognos and Siebel upon business demands, which transforms data into
 business information.
# Create a real-time dashboard with decision support tools using VBA, which consolidates data from diverse
 sources in entire quality department and could be updated automatically; it frees up to 60 hours of  staff time
 monthly from manual data manipulation and improve quality accuracy by 15%.
# Develop detailed and summary reports, tracking key performance indicators and utilized for future strategic
 decision making.
Research Assistant
September 2012  -  December 2012 
(4 months)
# Designed electronic registry to facilitate risk-based intervention and to enable entire care team to provide
 seamless service, as a result, to improve patients™ perinatal depression outcomes.
# Conducted organizational EHR go-live readiness assessment, created swim-lane workflow of whole clinic
 and lead the workflow reengineering project.
Intern, Project Management at Kareo
June 2012  -  August 2012 
(3 months)
# Analyzed market of current social healthcare products and identify key successful features.
# Designed the features and prototyped all use cases of the beta version of a healthcare social network site to
 improve patient engagement.
Intern, Quality Improvement
June 2010  -  July 2011 
(1 year 2 months)
# Assisted implementation of lean management system and standardization of the workflow, which improved
 process and freed 61 hours of staff time from belongings documentation.
# Identified problems and miscommunication in current information system after observing more than 10
 major departments, which decreased the number of operational mistakes by 15%.
Research Assistant at University of Southern California, RAND
January 2010  -  May 2011 
(1 year 5 months)
# Developed reference taxonomy of eleven common clinical workflows, specifying up to four levels.
# Indicated opportunities in the workflow where Clinical Decision Support (CDS) tools are useful and can be
 designed.
Page 
3

Experience
Staff Software Engineer at Google
July 2006  -  Present
Search
Page 
2
Chao Liu
Staff Software Engineer at Google
Contact Chao on LinkedIn

Experience
Senior Staff Software Engineer / Engineering Manager at Google
May 2013  -  Present
Tech Lead manager for Image Search at Google. I strive to make Image Search more useful, inspiring and fun
 for users.
Senior Software Engineer / Tech Lead at Google
September 2009  -  April 2013 
(3 years 8 months)
I was the Tech Lead of backend Infrastructure, Search and Recommendations for a social network project at
 Google.
Software Engineer at Google
July 2007  -  August 2009 
(2 years 2 months)
I was a software engineer working on data storage, annotation and search of Product Search at Google. 

Experience
Software Engineer at Google
September 2012  -  Present
I work as a software engineer at Google to make augmented reality easy.
I used to develop health and fitness insights in Google Fit by crunching numbers with MapReduce and
 building end-to-end features on both Android and the web.
I used to work in Image Search.
Software Engineer at Jet Propulsion Laboratory
July 2008  -  August 2012 
(4 years 2 months)
I worked as a software engineer at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) to develop operations software for
 NASA missions and research robots. I investigated new technologies (both hardware and software) to
 enhance the user interface experience. This included multi-touch displays, large immersive displays, and
 various types of game controllers.
I was the lead engineer of our 270-degree cylindrical display.  Our immersive display system addressed
 visualization problems during operations, for example correctly estimating the size and relative positions
 of objects from ATHLETE™s environment. The display surrounded the viewer with panoramic imagery to
 provide situational awareness during operations.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcwziICVMKA
Software Engineer Intern at Jet Propulsion Lab - Cal Tech (NASA)
June 2003  -  August 2007 
(4 years 3 months)
Page 
2

Experience
Senior Staff Software Engineer / Manager at Google
February 2007  -  Present
Technical lead manager for Native Ads, Creative Serving and Quality. 
Uber tech lead for Machine Vision for Display Ads at Google, with specialties on image retrieval, ranking,
 classification, recognition & enhancement at large-scale. 
Technical lead for several Google Image Search features in the past, including Related Images and Search by
 Image, and the key contributor for Similar Images and Image Swirl etc.
Search by Image: http://youtu.be/t99BfDnBZcI
Similar Images: http://youtu.be/6fD2t4d2Ln4
Graduate student at Zhejiang University
1998  -  2001 
(4 years)

Experience
Staff Software Engineer at Qualcomm
May 2012  -  Present
Led the Location HAL Team in software developed on Android smartphones and tablets for location
 based features, including AGPS/SUPL, fused location, network location, and geofence in the Hardware
 Abstraction Layer for all Qualcomm based chipsets. Notable products using Location HAL Team™s location
 implementation are Google Nexus 4, Nexus 5, Nexus 6, and Nexus 7.
Designed location feature APIs jointly with Google on upcoming Android releases, including Android
 JellyBean, Andoid Kitkat, and Android Lollipop. Notable features include geofence API and location
 batching API used by Google Now App and Maps App..
Designed Location HAL architecture/build structure for different flavors of Android, including Stock
 Android, Android with Qualcomm IZAT© features, and Android for Wearables. 
Implemented feature APIs in native C/C++ code in the hardware abstraction layer in a multithreaded
 environment with a big emphasis on memory efficiency and power consumption.
Mentored team members in a leading role, including design review, code review, and training sessions on
 Android process and location architecture.
Debugging of reported customer issues
Senior Telephony Software Engineer at Palm
2007  -  May 2012 
(5 years 5 months)
Developed telephony libraries for smartphones and tablets on webOS embedded linux. I worked
 collaboratively with a cross-functional team to design to develop improved wireless telephony software
 architecture, integrating/porting existing telephony software, and extending telephony APIs to support new
 functionality with a primary focus being on GPS and SIM functionality.
Senior Engineering Consultant
2006  -  2007 
(2 years)
Page 
2
Contracted for Motorola and Palm on Windows Mobile Smartphones that involved device drivers, power
 management, and location based services.
Senior Software Engineer
2003  -  2006 
(4 years)
I solely designed and developed the software front end for a Windows CE based data camera that involved a
 UI application, device drivers, and power management.

Experience
Chief Technical Officer
January 2013  -  Present
Web Content Manager at CarePathways
January 2010  -  January 2013 
(3 years 1 month)

Experience
SDE II Amazon Video at Amazon
August 2016  -  Present
Software Programmer as a Consultant at Seachange Intl
June 2015  -  August 2016 
(1 year 3 months)
Client Seachange International: Multimedia Middleware Solutions
Ł Implemented and developed a Prototype for MP4 parser in C++.
Ł Captured requirements to support Media source extension-MSE for HTML5
Ł Implemented Unit Test module.
Ł Implemented module to support encrypted recordings in Set-top-box
Ł Used NAGRA DRM to manage credentials by interacting with the secure chipset driver.
Ł Configured DMA and aligned buffer for accurate transformation
Member of Technical Staff at AMD
June 2013  -  June 2015 
(2 years 1 month)
Audio vertical Design:
High level design of various software components
Implementation of the changes that are expected in the newer Android release KitKat. 
Page 
2
Presenting the design in the design summit organized at product level to various stake holders involving
 Android architects, Fellows, Directors
Coming out with all the tools required for the subsystem
GIT infrastructure modeling for Audio and guidance for team on development.
C++ object oriented implementation to realize Open-Max standard interface
Senior system Engineer at ST-Ericsson
September 2009  -  June 2013 
(3 years 10 months)
Android HAL porting for audio subsystem
Software Engineer
June 2009  -  September 2009 
(4 months)
Prototyped Video Conferencing product by offloading x264 codec in hardware
Engineer at Freescale Semiconductor
April 2006  -  May 2009 
(3 years 2 months)
Developed algorithms for codecs including mp3,aac,sbc and amr.
Patented one of the huffman decoding algorithm.(http://www.google.com/patents/US7773003)
Made use of ARM11 assembly level programming including SIMD to achieve efficiency.
Software Engineer at Aricent
January 2005  -  May 2006 
(1 year 5 months)
Previously known as Flextronics Software Systems. Designed and implemented a logging module for all
 software subsystem. Required various inputs from software stack stakeholders to complete the
requirements. The implementation was done in C programming
Assistant System Engineer at Tata Consultancy Services
June 2005  -  January 2006 
(8 months)
Maintained different large scale customer deployed website. Implemented various solutions in Java involving
 object change for an issue in order and
delivery.

Experience
Associate Partner, Insights Director at The PARAGRAPH Project
August 2010  -  Present
Insights creatively pursued, applied and packaged.
Research Assistant at Duke University
December 2009  -  August 2010 
(9 months)
Assisted with Title VI and terrorism-related grants for the Center for South Asia Studies.
Teaching Assistant at Duke University
January 2010  -  May 2010 
(5 months)
Course: "Advertising and Society"
Page 
2
Department of Cultural Anthropology
Research Assistant at Harvard Kennedy School of Government
May 2007  -  August 2009 
(2 years 4 months)
Head Course Assistant in Spring and Fall 2007 for Kennedy School of Government / Divinity School course,
 "Religion and International Affairs." 
Based at the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs.  Main tasks included editing and helping to
 write publications; compiling syllabi; acting as conference rapporteur; acting as Head Course Assistant in
 Spring and Fall 2008; and assisting with Initiative on Religion in International Affairs and with article on
 religion and violence.
Research Assistant
September 2006  -  August 2007 
(1 year)
Based at Harvard's Center for Middle Eastern Studies.  Completed research for the Center's Islam in the
 West program, editing and contributing to its book project: Encyclopedia of Islam in the United States
 (Greenwood Press, 2007).
Teaching Assistant
2005  -  2006 
(2 years)
Teaching Assistant for courses in Eastern Religions from June to August in 2005 and 2006.  The Duke Talent
 Identification Program (TIP) is a summer academic/residential program for gifted youth.  Worked with
 teenagers aged 14-16.
Co-Editor of Nation and World
December 2003  -  May 2004 
(6 months)
Co-edited the international page of the University of Virginia's student-run newspaper, The Cavalier Daily. 
 Elected position.

Experience
Audit Partner
December 2011  -  Present
Performing independent financial and compliance audits. If we can ensure a pleasant audit experience with
 efficient, educational results, we have accomplished our goal.
Audit Supervisor at Hansen, Barnett & Maxwell
September 2005  -  January 2012 
(6 years 5 months)
Auditor
April 2003  -  May 2005 
(2 years 2 months)

Experience
Engineering Director, Search (Knowledge Graph Infrastructure) at Google
July 2015  -  Present
Build and serve the Knowledge Graph in Google Search and other applications such as YouTube and Maps.
Powering search card "how tall is barack obama", Listing "california amusement parks near san francisco",
 Q&A "who won last NBA", Google Now cards, and voice search
Engineering Director, Resource Management (Cloud & Tech Infrastructure) at Google
June 2011  -  June 2015 
(4 years 1 month)
Compute resource system for Google data centers (internal and external Cloud).  Managing x billion $
 compute resources for search, gmail, mobile, youtube and external cloud.  On demand resource control and
 provisioning based on real time usage. Integration with all the major google technology including Borg,
 Colossus, Bigtable, Blobstore, Spanner, Google Compute Engine etc. Petabyte Big data analysis for resource
 efficiency and over-subscription. 
General Manager, China at Zuora, Inc.
June 2010  -  July 2011 
(1 year 2 months)
Zuora is the SaaS leader in subscription based billing & payment cloud platform. 
Zuora's China engineering team develops product & pricing catalog, subscription, billing and payment,
 salesforce connection, and analytics
DB2 Program Director, Senior Technical Staff Member at IBM
January 2007  -  June 2010 
(3 years 6 months)
Ł World wide manager for half of the DB2 development team, including the data warehouse engine,
 pureXML and text search. Lead more than one hundred developers in North America and several hundred in
 four countries.  Develop DB2 v10 with Business Intelligence query processing, online data ingestion, data
 compression, MPP/SMP parallelism, high availability and disaster recovery, workload management, table
 versioning, and hadoop connection.  
http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/data/library/techarticle/dm-1204whatsnewdb210/
http://www-01.ibm.com/software/data/infosphere/warehouse/
Page 
2
Ł Led the pureXML development, a major differentiator for DB2. It manages XML natively and provides
 the integrated XQUERY, Search, and SQL access. Lead DB2 9.7 including XML support in shared-nothing
 cluster, DB2 high availability, text search, and range partition with local index
http://www-01.ibm.com/software/data/db2/xml/
Ł IBM Corporate Award
Senior Manager & Architect, DB2 Data Warehouse Edition at IBM
July 2001  -  January 2007 
(5 years 7 months)
Created an ELT tool SQL Warehousing that allows users to build data flows in an Eclipse-based visual
 environment, and run generated SQL to move and transform data. Served as the technical focal point to
 integrate with the one-billion-dollar Ascential acquisition
Led a 100-plus-people team to deliver the new DB2 Warehouse Edition 9 platform (DWE 9). DWE 9 extends
 DB2 with BI features including modeling, data integration, mining, text analysis, OLAP, and a single
 pluggable user interface
Drove product positioning, packaging, and sales enablement. DWE 9 is now the InfoSphere Warehouse, the
 strategic IBM warehousing platform
Manager, Red Brick Warehouse Kernel Engineering at Informix (Acquired by IBM)
January 1999  -  July 2001 
(2 years 7 months)
Developed database versioning, backup/restore, XML data exporting and parallel XML loading, a new
 system catalog, advanced data loading, star index and star join processing
Software Engineer
1997  -  1999 
(3 years)
Parallelized the entire Red Brick data warehouse engine on the windows platform

Experience
Engineering Director at Facebook
November 2009  -  Present
I lead Facebook Events and Discovery Experience. 

Experience
Product Management/Engineering Exec
2010  -  Present
Vice President Marketing at Azingo
January 2007  -  March 2010 
(3 years 3 months)
Executive Council Member, Azingo at LiMo Foundation
2007  -  March 2010 
(3 years 3 months)
Vice President Marketing and Business Development
November 2001  -  January 2007 
(5 years 3 months)
Co-Founder, Managing Venture Partner
2000  -  2004 
(5 years)
Vice President Marketing and Business Development
1994  -  1998 
(5 years)
Director Publishing Business Unit
1992  -  1996 
(5 years)
Manager of Product Management at Rolm / IBM / Siemens
1984  -  1992 
(9 years)

Experience
Graduate Research and Teaching Assistant at University of Massachusetts Boston
September 2014  -  Present
--Co-wrote and edited manuscripts; co-wrote IRB applications, conference proposals, and conference
 presentations; and engaged in project development and analysis of quantitative and qualitative data. 
--Teaching assistant for COUNSL 601: Research and Evaluation in Psychology, Fall 2015.
--Teaching assistant for COUNSL 620: Human Development, Spring 2016.
Writer/Editor (contract) at Massachusetts Department of Public Health
June 2016  -  Present
Counseling Psychology Intern at Salem State University
August 2016  -  May 2017 
(10 months)
--Conduct intake assessments with incoming clients and determine service needs and goals.
--Provide crisis intervention, outreach to campus, and individual counseling within a brief treatment model.
--Maintain client records in an electronic medical record system.
Counseling Psychology Intern at Wheaton College (MA)
August 2015  -  May 2016 
(10 months)
--Conduct intake assessments with incoming clients and determine service needs and goals.
--Provide individual counseling within a brief treatment model.
--Maintain client records in an electronic medical record system.
Manager, Data Warehouse Advisory Board at Massachusetts Department of Public Health
September 2014  -  August 2015 
(1 year)
--Engaged academic partners and internal stakeholders in planning an advisory structure for a Data
 Warehouse.
--Recipient of a Special Citation from the Commissioner of the Department in May 2015 as part of the Opioid
 Data Management Team. This team was responsible for creating a report on fatal opioid overdoses across the
 Commonwealth to facilitate time-sensitive, data-driven decision-making. 
Deputy Director, Office of Statistics and Evaluation in the Bureau of Community Health & Prevention at
Massachusetts Department of Public Health
August 2013  -  August 2014 
(1 year 1 month)
Page 
2
--Responsible for oversight and coordination of multiple data collection efforts to evaluate ongoing activities
 for programs within the Bureau of Community Health and Prevention, including budget management and
 supervision of 8-10 epidemiologists and evaluators. 
--Collaborated with leadership throughout MDPH to design, release, and score applications for the Prevention
 and Wellness Trust Fund, which provides $57 million to communities to fund evidence-based prevention
 efforts to reduce the prevalence of and health care costs associated with chronic health conditions in
 Massachusetts communities. 
--Developed evaluation plans for multiple community initiatives
--Trained epidemiologists in skills such as ArcGIS and survey development 
Epidemiologist II, Office of Statistics and Evaluation at Massachusetts Department of Public Health
July 2012  -  August 2013 
(1 year 2 months)
--Responsible for oversight and coordination of multiple data collection efforts to evaluate ongoing activities
 for two Community Transformation Grants awarded to MDPH by the Centers for Disease Control and
 Prevention (CDC). These grants were awarded to support community-level efforts to prevent chronic disease
 in nine counties across the state.
--Developed evaluation plans for multiple community initiatives, developed and edited survey instruments,
 developed and revised survey sampling plans, and developed multiple survey weighting schemes.
--Analyzed data using SAS and ArcGIS and reported results.
Epidemiologist I, Office of Statistics and Evaluation at Massachusetts Department of Public Health
March 2012  -  July 2012 
(5 months)
--Analyzed statewide, national, and program data to identify environmental, demographic, and genetic factors
 that influence heart disease and stroke prevalence and outcomes in Massachusetts residents
Project Manager/Research Associate
October 2011  -  February 2012 
(5 months)
--Oversaw implementation and ongoing activities of two research studies in the Obesity Prevention Program,
 including budget management and preparation of study documents for submission to the Human Subjects
 Research Committee (IRB)
--Hired, trained, and supervised research assistants during study recruitment
--Analyzed study data using SAS
Community Health Analyst, Southeast Center for Healthy Communities
October 2009  -  October 2011 
(2 years 1 month)
--Partnered with hospitals and community groups to design and conduct comprehensive, community-
based participatory community health assessments. Recipient of a Community Transformation Award for
 community health assessment at the Massachusetts Department of Public Health's 2011 Ounce of Prevention
 conference.
--Collected, analyzed, and reported quantitative data and qualitative data including survey results, focus
 groups, and key informant interviews.
Page 
3
--Recruited, coordinated, and facilitated meetings for three community health assessment subcommittees to
 assist organizations in making data-driven decisions.
--Designed and conducted capacity-building trainings on topics such as coalition sustainability, cultural
 humility, key informant interviews, focus groups, assessment, evaluation, and the Massachusetts Community
 Health Information Profile (MassCHIP).
Epidemiologist, Health Survey Program at Massachusetts Department of Public Health
September 2008  -  October 2009 
(1 year 2 months)
--Compiled 2009 Massachusetts Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) survey incorporating
 CDC-mandated core questions, CDC optional modules, and state-added questions.
--Cleaned 2008 data, including open-ended questions, and constructed standardized data file for use of
 various programs within the Massachusetts Department of Public Health.
--Used SAS to analyze BRFSS data for internal Department of Public Health programs such as Asthma
 Control, Obesity Prevention, Injury Prevention, and Disability; also analyzed data for external agencies such
 as NARAL.
--Wrote and delivered annual reports and presentations for statewide and national audiences focused on topics
 such as survey sampling methods, race/ethnicity health disparities, and health care reform.
--Assisted in preparing a five-year federal chronic disease prevention grant.
Program Director, Attleboro Family Planning
August 2007  -  August 2008 
(1 year 1 month)
--Managed day-to-day operations, staff, and budget of a publicly-funded sexual health clinic.
--Developed services for males at the clinic, widened clinic referral network, and implemented an on-site
 rapid HIV testing program. 
--Developed and conducted outreach activities for various audiences focused on clinic services and sexual
 health information.
--Developed quality improvement measures and oversaw quality improvement activities.
--Provided HIV testing and counseling after receiving certification from the Massachusetts Department of
 Public Health.
Senior Reproductive Health Counselor, Hull Teen and Women's Health
September 2003  -  August 2007 
(4 years)
--Engaged in client-centered counseling on topics such as contraceptive methods, sexual health concerns, and
 risk behaviors using harm reduction, stages of change, and motivational interviewing models.
--Conducted pregnancy testing with options counseling and provided STI test and abnormal Pap smear
 results.
--Facilitated outreach activities at local high schools and day reporting centers on such topics as
 contraception, sexually transmitted infections, sexual assault, and healthy relationships.
--Maintained client records and clinic logs of test results.
Page 
4

Experience
Software Engineer at Google
January 2016  -  Present
VideoAds Audience Targeting
Software Engineer Intern at Google
June 2015  -  August 2015 
(3 months)
Make Youtube Faster

Experience
Principal
September 2013  -  Present
Project Consultant: Boston Special Education Transition Project - B-SET for Career Network
January 2014  -  Present
Directed planning project for Massachusetts Advocates for Children to develop recommendations to
 improve services for Boston youth with disabilities in transition from high school to work or post-secondary
 education. Organized and managed cross sectoral 70 organization member  task force representing the
 public schools, higher education and skills training programs, businesses, community based disability
 service organizations, state agencies, youth development agencies, funders, organized labor, advocacy and
 intermediary organizations. Co-authored action plan and recommendations released in October 2015. 
Project Consultant
March 2014  -  July 2014 
(5 months)
Conducted needs assessment at Lynn Community Health Center and Union Hospital as part of Healthcare
 Workforce Transformation Fund grant. Goal was to provide a training program for frontline workers, which
 would allow them to gain skills in effectively managing interactions with patients with behavioral issues and
 others that pose potential safety threats
Career Center Systems Manager at Boston Private Industry Council
October 1996  -  July 2013 
(16 years 10 months)
Oversaw operations of three career centers in Boston serving over 25,000 customers by June 30, 2013.
 Developed regional approach to and provided technical assistance in continuous quality improvement.
 Developed and conducted all business and job seeker customer satisfaction activities including focus groups,
 interviews and surveys. Analyzed service utilization, performance trends and outcomes and reported to the
 PIC Board and subcommittees, state and federal government. Conducted annual review process.Served on
 statewide work groups on various policy and operational topics including initial development of statewide
 MIS and improvements in business services data tracking. Facilitated system integration work groups and
 local and regional levels and convened several communities of practice among career center staff. Numerous
 presentations to visitors from U.S and other countries as well as at state and national conferences.
Quality Improvement Specialist
August 1994  -  September 1995 
(1 year 2 months)
Page 
3
Responsible for developing and implementing the principles and practices of quality management to effect
 large systems improvement for project client: Massachusetts Department of Public Health, Bureau of
 Substance Abuse Services.
- Conducted assessments of processes and performance at substance abuse treatment programs
- Identified opportunities for improvement, provided technical assistance and evaluated impact
Director, Organization Development & Training
1990  -  1993 
(4 years)
Responsible for conception and implementation of a range of service excellence and CQI programs for 1,200
 member workforce. Developed and implemented employee recognition programs. Provided training and
 strategic departmental consultation to increase effectiveness of service delivery in a variety of departments
 ranging from nursing to environmental services.
Special Projects Consultation at Tufts Medical Center
1987  -  1989 
(3 years)
Co-Founder
April 1977  -  June 1983 
(6 years 3 months)
Shared responsibility for financial, philosophic and programmatic integrity of the first batterer intervention
 agency in the United States. I served in nearly every role at the organization including development,
 counseling and training coordinator and program developer. Emerge used a socio-political analysis of
 battering to pioneer a behavioral approach to treatment that set the standard for the field and is widely
 practiced. I also served as producer and fundraiser for film about Emerge, "To Have and To Hold."

Experience
Member Technical Staff at Google
January 2011  -  Present
I work in the Platforms Hardware Development group.
Principal Software Engineer at Ubicom
March 2000  -  January 2011 
(10 years 11 months)
I am one of a select group of people who can claim to have ported Linux to an entirely new architecture. I
 am member of a 3 person Kernel group that ported Linux to the the Ubicom32 multi threaded architecture.
 I wrote the low level context switching code. I wrote the Signal handling code. I wrote code that handles
 loadable module relocation fixups. Wrote the elf to flat converter and the flat file relocation fixup code to run
 binaries.
Added support for Ubicom32 multithreaded architecture into QEMU.
Currently I am working on porting Android platform to Ubicom architecture. Wrote the machine specific
 code for Android Bionic library.
Working on porting Ubicom32 architecture to Android QEMU emulator.
Added FDPIC support to Ubicom32 GNU linker and assembler.
Member Technical staff at Silicaon Graphics
February 1995  -  March 2000 
(5 years 2 months)
Worked in the digital Media group in the Intermediate Systems Divitions. Wrote device drivers for a JPEG
 compression card.
Member Technical Staff
September 1991  -  February 1995 
(3 years 6 months)
Wrote devive driver to interface Kubota graphics system to DEC Alpha platrom. Also wrote device drivers to
 interface Kubota Graphics system to a SMP Adrent machine.
Software Engineer
1988  -  1991 
(4 years)
Software Engineer
1988  -  1991 
(4 years)
Page 
2

Experience
Software Engineer at Google
April 2016  -  Present
Software Implementation Consultant at Planisware
June 2014  -  August 2015 
(1 year 3 months)

Experience
Senior Staff Software Engineer & Tech Lead Manager at Google
December 2014  -  Present
Manage a team to build content understanding infrastructure
Manage a team to produce contents used by Google Search
Lead a team to build query understanding infrastructure
Staff Software Engineer at Google
July 2007  -  November 2014 
(7 years 5 months)

Experience
Software Engineer at Google
2003  -  Present

Experience
Senior Staff Software Engineer at Google
November 2013  -  Present
Engineer and Engineering manager - started, developed and launched products and services for Machine
 Learning/AI, and Big Data tools. Cloud Machine Learning Engine (https://cloud.google.com/ml-engine) and
 Cloud Datalab (https://cloud.google.com/datalab)
Page 
2
Partner Software Architect, Windows Azure at Microsoft Corporation
May 2012  -  October 2013 
(1 year 6 months)
- Working on Windows Azure application platform and tools
- Building cloud services such as Windows Azure Mobile Services providing MBaaS/BaaS (mobile backend
 as a service) capabilities to power modern applications across devices.
- Incubating next-generation PaaS services in various spaces such as search, and machine learning/big data
 scenarios.
Partner Software Architect, Bing/Online Services at Microsoft Corporation
September 2010  -  May 2012 
(1 year 9 months)
- Built local, social, mobile experiences bringing Bing search experiences to consumers across multiple
 mobile phones/devices and platforms including iOS, Android, Windows Phone and mobile web through a
 combination of native and HTML5-based solutions.
- Contributed to architecture, and vision for next-generation Bing Information Platform, and APIs.
Principal Software Architect, .NET Platform at Microsoft Corporation
April 2005  -  September 2010 
(5 years 6 months)
- Led the inception, design and development of ASP.NET Ajax
- Created Script#, a development tool for compiling C# into JavaScript, and powering large/application scale
 development of script-based web applications.
- Contributed a key role in the revamp of IIS7, Microsoft's Web Server product
- Incubated and developed the early foundations of Silverlight and managed code programming model for
 rich internet applications
- Developed early vision, prototype and development of RIA Services, a Line of Business Application
 development framework for Microsoft's .NET/Silverlight platforms and tools.
Software Development Engineer Lead, ASP.NET, .NET Platform at Microsoft Corporation
July 2000  -  April 2005 
(4 years 10 months)
- Led the design, and development of the .NET Framework, ASP.NET, Web Forms and the Server Control
 framework from their inception through multiple releases.
- Created foundational technology to provide the foundation for successful products such as Sharepoint.
- Incubated and released Web Matrix, a development experience for Web sites and applications, leading to
 technical and business innovation within Microsoft tools.
Software Development Engineer, Visual Studio at Microsoft Corporation
July 1997  -  July 2000 
(3 years 1 month)
- Designed and developed features for Visual Studio, Visual Basic and Visual InterDev, including the web
 editing experiences for HTML/CSS/Script editing.
Page 
3

Experience
Senior Engineering Director at Google
March 2014  -  Present
Protect Google's end users. Protect Google's core business.  Rethink AdWords, AdX, and DBM policy
 enforcement from the ground up.
Engineering Director at Facebook
August 2013  -  March 2014 
(8 months)
Worked on insights, measurement, and reporting.
Engineering Director at Google
August 2005  -  July 2013 
(8 years)
- DoubleClick Search - April 2010 to July 2013 - eng mgr and then director
- AdWords Opportunities tab - August 2009 to October 2010 - eng mgr
- TV Ads - July 2007 to April 2009 - eng mgr
- Google Apps - August 2005 to August 2009 - software engineer and then eng mgr
Freelancer
2001  -  2007 
(7 years)
Senior Software Engineer at EarthLink, Inc.
May 2003  -  August 2005 
(2 years 4 months)
FE engineer
Software Engineer
July 2002  -  March 2003 
(9 months)
FE/BE engineer
Principal Engineer
August 2000  -  August 2001 
(1 year 1 month)
Member of awesome 7 person eng team
Software Engineer at Intuit, Inc.
Page 
2
1998  -  2000 
(3 years)
FE engineer on web-based finance app
Software Engineer at Oracle Corporation
1996  -  1998 
(3 years)
UI toolkit library developer
Software Engineer Intern at IBM
June 1995  -  September 1995 
(4 months)
Software Engineer Intern at NCR
1993  -  1994 
(2 years)

Experience
Staff Software Engineer at Google
August 2016  -  Present
Cloud Commerce/Service Platform
Revamping the current multi-Cloud Commerce Platform, which powers billions dollar business for our
 partners on AWS/Azure/GCP/Softlayer etc, to next generation on top of Google Cloud
Staff Software Engineer at Google
April 2014  -  August 2016 
(2 years 5 months)
Build cutting-edge Google scale shared data infrastructure. I worked/am working on:
- Performance and efficiency across the stack
- Generic BI solution for all Google DisplayAds products
- Distributed SQL database and query engine
- Data management and datawarehouse
- Continuous data streams processing
I'm also interested in could computation, cluster management, data visualization and internal productivity
 tools.
Senior Software Engineer at Google NewYork
July 2008  -  March 2014 
(5 years 9 months)
Working for various projects in online advertising. Focus on Display Ad Platform from 2010:
* Biggest Ad Exchange Platform
* Yield Management For Sellside
* Next Generation Display Ads Data Infrastructure 
* Data Analysis / Data Visualization
Software Engineer Intern at Google
March 2008  -  May 2008 
(3 months)
Worked on advertiser related projects.
Page 
2
Software Engineer Intern at Google
July 2007  -  September 2007 
(3 months)
From July. 2007 to Sep. 2007 and From Mar. 2008 and May. 2008
Working for online advertising related projects.

Experience
Principal Software Engineer at Charter Communications
May 2016  -  Present
Moved to Charter with their acquisition of Time Warner Cable. Now serving as lead developer for team
 that is developing a video consumption application for Samsung TV using HTML, JavaScript, Backbone,
 underscore and jQuery.
Principle Software Engineer at Time Warner Cable
2003  -  May 2016 
(13 years 5 months)
Software engineer with Time Warner Cable. Contributed to development of Java OCAP set top box software,
 and development of Android and iOS mobile applications. 
Proposed and helped to organize an annual 3 day internal developer's conference attended by over 200 Time
 Warner Cable engineers. This conference occurred in 2013, 2014 and 2015.
Contract Software Engineer at TVG Network
June 2000  -  March 2003 
(2 years 10 months)
Developed interactive television application for wagering on horse races for Dish Network satellite TV
 receivers using OpenTV middleware.
Senior Software Engineer
May 1996  -  May 2000 
(4 years 1 month)
Worked on real time television master control broadcast automation system. Developed COM framework for
 next generation of broadcast automation systems. Developed embedded web server to provide remote control
 of broadcast automation system.
Senior Software Engineer
September 1992  -  April 1996 
(3 years 8 months)
Worked on cable settop box control systems and data management for on-screen television guides, using C, C
++, RDB and Oracle databases on VMS and Unix systems.
Senior Scientist
September 1984  -  September 1992 
(8 years 1 month)
Page 
2
Performed testing of water and soil samples for environment pollutants using GC/MS (Gas Chromatography /
 Mass Spectromity). Developed FORTRAN applications to automate process of GC/MS data. Developed
 application that used a least-squares pattern matching approach to identify mixtures of PCBs from gas
 chronography data.

Experience
Senior Staff Software Engineer at Google
July 2015  -  Present
The world is complicated, so as information. How can we do to help users navigate the information space?
 We are working on a unique approach to help users cope with information explosion.
We launched google job search. Try [jobs near me] in google.com.
Senior Staff Software Engineer at Google
October 2014  -  June 2015 
(9 months)
Uber Tech Lead for Google Shopping Express
Working on technical directions.
Senior Staff Software Engineer at Google
November 2012  -  September 2014 
(1 year 11 months)
Lead a talented team to organize all the ads quality data by leveraging technologies developed across
 the company. Our data-as-service platform empowers products and features across the entire Google
 monetization stack.
Staff Software Engineer
November 2009  -  October 2012 
(3 years)
Led the infrastructure of "Dynamic Search Ads" (http://www.google.com/ads/innovations/
dynamicsearchads.html). Transformed the system from an experimental system to a true production system.
 Helped grow the product to $XXXM annual run rate.
Founded a project to organize all the ads quality data.
Page 
2
Senior Software Engineer at Google
November 2007  -  November 2009 
(2 years 1 month)
A founding member of Google's next generation indexing system -- Google Caffeine: http://
googleblog.blogspot.com/2010/06/our-new-search-index-caffeine.html. Participated the entire process of
 design, implementation and launch.
Software Engineer at Google
September 2005  -  October 2007 
(2 years 2 months)
A proud member of Google search index team. We built and maintained the most comprehensive and freshest
 web index in the world.
Launched search features.
Research Assistant
September 1999  -  September 2005 
(6 years 1 month)
Conducted research in distributed computing.
Engineer
April 1997  -  July 1999 
(2 years 4 months)
Software and network engineer.

Experience
Staff Software Engineer at Google
July 2005  -  Present
2005 - 2015: Web Search spam team, received Google's "EMG Award". The group responsible for removing
 or demoting the rank of undesirable documents in search results. Often considered 'adversarial optimization'
 due to the fact that the outside world would respond and attempt to work around any changes made. Worked
 on spam collaborations with products outside web search, including Blogger, Adsense, and Maps. Spoke at
 several search conferences.
2009: Received Google Founders award
2015 - Present: Accelerated Mobile Pages (Google AMP), a web page format for mobile documents that
 guarantees browser performance. TL of the AMP Validator and major contributor to the project. @Gregable
 on github.
Adventurer
2004  -  Present
Outdoors Highlights:
2004: Week long, 75 mile hike on the Appalachian Trail in North Carolina
2010: Summit Mt Kilimanjaro via Machame route, tallest peak in Africa (5,895 m)
2011: 6-day, 50 mile, Yosemite High Sierra hike
2014: Waterfall Ice Climbing in Lee Vining, CA
2014: Summit Mt Rainier (4,392 m) on 6-day glacier skills course with IMG.
2015: Waterfall Ice Climbing in Ouray, CO
2015: 5-day canoe trip on Green River to the Confluence w/ Colorado River
2016: 200 mile, 8-day Canoe trip on the Yukon River in Canada's Yukon Territory
2017: Summit Mt Kosciuszko, tallest peak in Australia (2,228 m), via the chairlift route :-) 
Page 
2

Experience
Software Engineer at IGT
September 2014  -  Present
I currently work on a self organizing team to complete various projects effectively and efficiently. Use of
 Agile methodology is encouraged and exercised by my team. I brought change to my team and I attempted
 to challenge and improve many existing processes that were in place prior to my hire. I have grown and
 developed as a leader, as a software engineer, and as an individual in my current role. I lead whenever I have
 an opportunity to do so and I consider myself as an effective, ambitious, driven, optimistic and understanding
 leader. I really enjoy being challenged by my teammates because I push myself to be better and to perform at
 my best every single day. Projects I worked on range from API, web, automation, and database development
 to server and environment maintenance and support.
Page 
2
Technical Compliance Test Engineer at Ainsworth Game Technology
January 2014  -  September 2014 
(9 months)
Identified software anomalies and worked with the game developers on resolutions. Performed various math
 calculations to verify game's algorithms and odds. Verified, investigated and tested software performance
 and functionality. Cooperated with the external testing facilities and regulators regarding game submissions
 and issues. Managed multiple projects at the same time and prioritized accordingly.
Engineering Intern at NV Energy
May 2012  -  December 2013 
(1 year 8 months)
Worked in Energy Efficiency and Demand Response, and Distribution and Operation departments.
Operated load control systems and collaborated with the engineering personnel to target load reduction at
 the electrical system peaks. Developed and performed testing procedure for In Home Displays. Provided
 technical support to transmission and distribution operators. Dealt with Energy Management System (EMS)
 and Distribution Management System (DMS).

Experience
Director for Massachusetts Office On Disability at Commonwealth of Massachusetts
February 2015  -  Present
Page 
2
Lead the Massachusetts Office On Disability and our mission of providing full and equal access and
 opportunities for persons with disabilities in a manner that fosters dignity and self determination. 
City Councilor At-Large at City of Malden
November 2011  -  Present
City Councilor At Large
Managing Director
January 2006  -  January 2015 
(9 years 1 month)
Massachusetts Public Relations
Arc Angel Communications is a Public Relations and Marketing Communications Company with
 headquarters in Malden Massachusetts. Arc Angel specializes in Massachusetts Public Relations and
 Massachusetts Public Affairs. We produce a variety of public affairs and marketing communications
 products and solutions based upon many of the most profound public policy issues facing Boston and
 Massachusetts.
Candidate
February 2014  -  November 2014 
(10 months)
Delegate
March 1998  -  2014 
(16 years 10 months)
Work to restore two-party government to Massachusetts
Adjunct Faculty at Suffolk University
January 2010  -  December 2013 
(4 years)
Teaching Professional Communication, CJN - 177 and Social Media, CJN - 389
Member, Chairman 2010-2012
January 2005  -  December 2013 
(9 years)
Member and former Chair of the Massachusetts Commission for the Blind Rehabilitation Council
Election Officer at City of Boston Election Department
2008  -  September 2013 
(5 years 9 months)
Oversee election activities
Secretary & Past President
July 2012  -  July 2013 
(1 year 1 month)
Malden Rotary Club, which is the oldest continually active service organization in the City of Malden
Former Member, Malden Planning Board
January 2002  -  January 2008 
(6 years 1 month)
Make decisions on Planning and Development cases for the City of Malden
Regional Development Manager
Page 
3
2006  -  2008 
(3 years)
Senior Housing Development
Board Member
2006  -  2008 
(3 years)
Enhance employment opportunities for persons with disabilities
Chief Communication Officer
January 2002  -  December 2006 
(5 years)
Direct communications efforts and help run Massachusetts second largest mid-sized bus company
Municipal Affairs & Public Policy Liasion
1999  -  2003 
(5 years)
Manage and coordinate the Massachusetts State Senate with five cities and towns
Municipal Affairs & Public Policy
1998  -  2002 
(5 years)
Served as a liaison between five cities and towns and the 3rd Middlesex District
Municipal Affairs & Public Policy
1998  -  2002 
(5 years)
Direct Communication and outreach efforts, developed and maintained media relationships, create and
 manage PR, Public Affairs and Marketing collateral
Governor's Office, State Senate
1996  -  2002 
(7 years)
Serve Governor Cellucci as a Correspondence and Constituent Services Aide
Aide
1996  -  1998 
(3 years)
Assist with Trade mission preparation

Experience
Software Engineer at Google
February 2017  -  Present
Search infrastructure-Best indexing and serving offering
Software Engineer at Oracle
April 2014  -  January 2017 
(2 years 10 months)
ŁDesigned Oracle Billing and Revenue Management Cloud Service Reference Implementation (BRMC RI)
 Chef automated installation framework, which includes the configuration to install, integrate and test a BRM
 Cloud service. Using the open-source Chef configuration management tool, BRMC RI builds development
 and production environments through unattended install processes that automatically integrate each product
 into the overall BRM Cloud service. Once the BRMC stack has been built, BRMC RI uses open-source
 Cucumber to run automated acceptance tests end-to-end through the full stack. These acceptance tests are
 written in a behavior-driven development (BDD) style to ensure that they are testing valid business use
 case scenarios. BRMC RI has made measurable improvements to the automation of BRM Cloud service
 installation and configuration processes, including, for example, an automated system that rotates passwords
 every three months.
ŁImplemented BRM Cloud Stack using Docker containers to accelerate development lifecycle, facilitate
 distribution and collaboration within the development team, enable version control and components reuse,
 minimize the deployment footprint and overhead, and assist the team as they move through multiple phases
 of development (Dev, Test, QA, and Production), which enabled a more agile development environment. 
ŁDesigned the packaging/release process, continuous integration and testing solution for BRM Cloud service
 using TeamCity and SVN version control. After the tests have been run, the resultsŠincluding the stack
 traces of failed testsŠare reported back to TeamCity where they can be viewed and reviewed.
System Administrator
May 2013  -  January 2014 
(9 months)
· Maintain the infrastructure of remote servers, including administrating Linux system,troubleshooting
 connectivity issues, and deploying PHP scripts.
· Manage Virtual Machine, assign IP addresses and update DNS. 
Page 
2
· Set up email accounts and auto-forwarders, maintain and update MySQL database of business records.
· Investigate spam filters and SMTP error codes to increase email open rate on mail server.
· Develop and implement Perl shell script that can search for common phrases indicating email hard bounces.
· Run a regular expression search for each phrase indicating a hard bounce using Cron.
· Modify PHPList, create shell script and database queries to save emails in active use.


Experience
Software Engineer at Google
June 2013  -  Present
Graduate Student at Carnegie Mellon University
August 2011  -  May 2013 
(1 year 10 months)
SDE Intern at Amazon
May 2012  -  August 2012 
(4 months)
Marketplace Web Services (MWS)
Software Engineer in Test at Symantec
July 2010  -  June 2011 
(1 year)
Storage and Availability Management Group (SAMG)
-worked on Storage Foundation and High Availability for Windows (SFWHA) and Veritas Cluster Server
 (VCS)
SDE Intern at Delcam
December 2009  -  April 2010 
(5 months)
Rapid prototyping of shoes using 3D graphical software system
- Variants for Rapid Shoe Design
- Sublimation Printing and Paint On Last
SDE Intern at IBM
July 2009  -  September 2009 
(3 months)
Cloud Computing
-Proxy Antivirus to route online traffic over Squid proxy through browser

Experience
Associate Professor of Civil and Environmental Engineering at Virginia Tech
June 2015  -  Present
Research interests:  control of pollutants arising from construction operations and the built environment.
 Healthy Homes and Schools. Pollution Prevention Planning.  Prevention through Design innovations to
 control hazards.
President and CEO
August 2014  -  Present
Providing consultation, design, training, and expert witness services in the areas of industrial hygiene,
 environmental compliance, and industrial process system design.
www.dickersonenvironmental.com
Assistant Professor at Virginia Tech
August 2007  -  June 2015 
(7 years 11 months)

Experience
Software Developer at Epic
June 2014  -  September 2016 
(2 years 4 months)
Software Web Solution Developer Intern at Crowe Horwath LLP
June 2013  -  August 2013 
(3 months)
Received a brilliant introduction to ASP.NET 4.0 and C# development
Worked with SQL Server and SSRS
Software Engineer Intern at TechSmith Corporation
September 2012  -  December 2012 
(4 months)
Worked on Camtasia Studio using C++, Google Test & Google Mock
Implemented bug fixes, small new features
Teaching Assistant
2009  -  2011 
(3 years)

Experience
Senior Product Quality Engineering Manager at Google
June 2015  -  Present
Senior Manager of Product Quality Engineering at Amazon Lab126
November 2011  -  June 2015 
(3 years 8 months)
Led Product Quality Engineering organization for Lab126 Amazon's elite product development organization.
  Successfully delivered Quality improvement by influencing Design, Material and Manufacturing decisions
 early during development  for multiple generations of Amazon E-Readers, Tablets, Audio Cloud Computers
 & Streaming Media Products (under Kindle, Fire, Dash & Echo brands).
Corporate Quality & Reliability Manager at Gennum Corp
September 2006  -  December 2011 
(5 years 4 months)
Directed the Corporate Quality, Reliability and Failure Analysis Department for Gennum Corporation (now
 part of Semtech), responsible for the definition and execution of  quality and reliability qualification for
 new products as well as quality continuous improvement and supplier quality management for Professional
 Products on Commercial Video, Datacom, Computing and Audio markets  in high volume manufacturing
Quality, Reliability and Failure Analysis Engineering Manager at Intel Corp
June 1997  -  September 2006 
(9 years 4 months)
Managed  Quality & Reliability departments for Intel™s most advanced Components, Systems and Wafer
 fabrication factories. Responsibilities included management of failure analysis, quality management systems,
 process qualification, control and improvement for high volume production. Led a staff of more than 55
 Engineer and Managers. Also managed areas of Product/Test Engineering.
Senior Process Development Engineer at Motorola Corp
Page 
2
January 1995  -  July 1997 
(2 years 7 months)
Quality Test Engineer
1994  -  1995 
(2 years)

Experience
Principal Software Engineer
May 2017  -  Present
Machine learning / deep learning for ranking
Machine translation 
Automatic speech recognition
Speech synthesis
Applied research in deep learning in general
Senior Staff Software Engineer
October 2014  -  April 2017 
(2 years 7 months)
Ranking
Machine learning for ranking
Deep learning in general
Staff Software Engineer at Google
October 2012  -  September 2014 
(2 years)
Google search ranking
Senior Software Engineer at Google
October 2010  -  September 2012 
(2 years)
Software Engineer at Google
September 2008  -  September 2010 
(2 years 1 month)
Database Support Engineer at Microsoft
July 2001  -  August 2004 
(3 years 2 months)

Experience
Graduate Researcher
2006  -  Present
Software Engineering Intern at Google
June 2009  -  August 2009 
(3 months)
Software Engineering Intern at Google
2008  -  2008 
(1 year)
Software Developer at eAsic
2004  -  2006 
(3 years)
Junior Software Developer at ASIC Art
September 2004  -  April 2005 
(8 months)

Experience
VP of Engineering Google - Search Ads  at Google
July 2003  -  Present
Software Engineer
Software Engineer
February 2003  -  July 2003 
(6 months)
Software Engineer
May 2002  -  February 2003 
(10 months)
Software Engineer building High Performance Column Based Database.
Software Engineer at PeopleSoft
June 2001  -  May 2002 
(1 year)
Software Engineer
2000  -  2001 
(2 years)
Heterogenous database
Software engineer at IBM
1996  -  2000 
(5 years)
Query optimizer for DB2.
Summer Intern at Hewlett-Packard Laboratories
1991  -  1991 
(1 year)
TickerTAIP: The parallel RAID Array

Experience
Software Engineer at Google

Experience
Engineering Director at Facebook
2014  -  Present
Lead Ads Delivery engineering group including Ads Infrastructure, Ads Ranking and Optimization, Ads
 Targeting, Market Dynamics and Delivery Insights for ads on Facebook, Instagram and Audience Network
Software Engineer at Facebook
2009  -  Present
Software Engineer
2001  -  2009 
(9 years)

Experience
Member Technical Staff at Google
Member Technical Staff, Xbox
1999  -  2007 
(9 years)
Page 
2
John Palevich
Member Technical Staff at Google
Contact John on LinkedIn
